{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green60\blue192;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16680\viewh12100\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Welcome to the OCR workshop!\
Let\'92s get started!\
\
Download the code (as zip file) from https://github.com/ektavats/OCR-tesseract-SE/tree/main\
Save it on your laptop, working folder.\
Copy some sample images in this folder, if any.\
\
Follow these instructions for setting up the OCR code.\
\
Windows OS:\
\
1. Download anaconda: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.anaconda.com/products/individual"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 https://www.anaconda.com/products/individual}}\cb1 \
\cb3 2. Install anaconda (exe in Downloads folder, follow default options)\cb1 \
\cb3 3. Open start menu, search for anaconda power shell, run as administrator.\cb1 \
\cb3 4. conda create --name pytess (press y, enter)\cb1 \
\cb3 5. conda activate pytess\cb1 \
\cb3 6. Open anaconda navigator, from drop down menu select \'93Applications\'94, then pytess.\cb1 \
\cb3 7. Find Jupyter lab and click install \cb1 \
\cb3 8. Check if python is installed. In the anaconda powershelgl, type python, press enter. Error? Then type exit()\cb1 \
\cb3 9. Install pip. Follow instructions here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installation/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installation/}}\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0- Download the script, from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py}}.\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0- Open a terminal/command prompt, cd to the folder containing the get-pip.py file and run:\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0- python get-pip.py\cb1 \
\cb3 10. pip install pytesseract\cb1 \
\cb3 11. Install tesseract. Go to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tesseract-ocr.github.io/tessdoc/Installation.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 https://tesseract-ocr.github.io/tessdoc/Installation.html}}\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0- Navigate to Windows, then UB Mannheim link.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0- Go to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/UB-Mannheim/tesseract/wiki"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 https://github.com/UB-Mannheim/tesseract/wiki}}\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0- Select tesseract-ocr-w64-setup....(64 bit)\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0- run the exe (default settings)\cb1 \
\cb3 12. Add tesseract path to system environment variable:\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0- go to start menu, search for edit system environment variables\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0- go to environment variables\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0- system variables, path, new, paste C:\\Users\\name\\AppData\\Local\\Programs\\Tesseract-OCR (Path to tesseract)\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0- Press ok.\cb1 \
\cb3 13. type: tesseract --list-langs (after restarting terminal)\cb1 \
\cb3 14. go to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/tesseract-ocr/tessdata"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 https://github.com/tesseract-ocr/tessdata}}\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0- download more language models (download as zip file)\cb1 \
\cb3 15. go to C:\\Users\\name\\AppData\\Local\\Programs\\Tesseract-OCR\\tessdata\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0- paste the language models\cb1 \
\cb3 16. type: tesseract --list-langs (more languages now?)\cb1 \
\cb3 17. pip install matplotlib\cb1 \
\cb3 18. pip install opencv-python\cb1 \
\cb3 19. type: jupyter lab\cb1 \
\cb3 20. select OCR_singleImage.ipynb. Run (two arrow buttons).\cb1 \
\cb3 \
\
\
NOTE:\
To run the code after the set up, or for future use:\cb1 \
\cb3 1. Open anaconda powershell, run as admin\cb1 \
\cb3 2. conda activate pytess\cb1 \
\cb3 3. cd your/code/folder/path\cb1 \
\cb3 4. jupyter lab\
\
NOTE:\
For details on more languages: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tesseract-ocr.github.io/tessdoc/Data-Files-in-different-versions.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 https://tesseract-ocr.github.io/tessdoc/Data-Files-in-different-versions.html}}\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone For adding more languages, simply use "swe + eng + deu" (e.g. Swedish, English, German.)\
\
\
NOTE: select OCR_textExtractor, edit cell 14, if needed (throw errors):\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0- int(float(img_details......}