{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green60\blue192;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16680\viewh12100\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Welcome to the OCR workshop!\
Let\'92s get started!\
\
Download the code (as zip file) from https://github.com/ektavats/OCR-tesseract-SE/tree/main\
Save it on your laptop, working folder.\
Copy some sample images in this folder, if any.\
\
Follow these instructions for setting up the OCR code.\
\
\cb1 \
\cb3 Mac OS:\
\
1. Download anaconda: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.anaconda.com/products/individual"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 https://www.anaconda.com/products/individual}}\cb1 \
\cb3 2. Install anaconda (pkg file in Downloads folder, follow default options)\cb1 \
\cb3 3. Open terminal\cb1 \
\cb3 4. conda create --name pytess (press y, enter)\cb1 \
\cb3 5. conda activate pytess\
7. Install latest Python: \
 - brew install python3\
8. Check if python is installed. In the terminal, type python3, press enter. Error? Type exit()\
9. Install pip:\
 - curl https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py -o get-pip.py\
 - python3 get-pip.py\
10. pip install Jupyter lab\
11. pip install pytesseract\
12. Install tesseract: \
 - The easiest way to install Tesseract OCR on Mac is using Homebrew. \
 - If you don't have Homebrew installed, just go to Homebrew's site (http://brew.sh/), open your terminal, and run the Ruby script that is on the front page. \
- You may be required to type in your administrator password.\
 - brew install tesseract\
 - The tesseract directory can then be found using brew info tesseract (if needed)\
 - e.g. /opt/homebrew/Cellar/tesseract/4.1.3/\
13. In the terminal type: tesseract\
 - Any error? If not, then we are good :)\
 - Error (tesseract not found)? Add tesseract path to system environment. \
14. The English language is already included in this installation. If you want to install other language packs, just run the following command:\cb1 \
\cb3  - brew install tesseract --all-languages \
15. type: tesseract --list-langs \
 - can you see all the languages? \
- If not, restart the terminal and type the same command after: conda activate pytess\cb1 \
\cb3 16. pip install matplotlib\cb1 \
\cb3 17. pip install opencv-python\cb1 \
\cb3 18. type: jupyter lab\cb1 \
\cb3 19. select OCR_singleImage.ipynb. Run (two arrow buttons).\cb1 \
\cb3 \
\
\
NOTE:\
To run the code after the set up, or for future use:\cb1 \
\cb3 1. Open the terminal\cb1 \
\cb3 2. conda activate pytess\cb1 \
\cb3 3. cd your/code/folder/path\cb1 \
\cb3 4. jupyter lab\
\
NOTE:\
For details on more languages: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tesseract-ocr.github.io/tessdoc/Data-Files-in-different-versions.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 https://tesseract-ocr.github.io/tessdoc/Data-Files-in-different-versions.html}}\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone For adding more languages, simply use "swe + eng + deu" (e.g. Swedish, English, German.)\
\
\
NOTE: select OCR_textExtractor, edit cell 14, if needed (throw errors):\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0- int(float(img_details......}